this scene oh my god this is the top
three coolest action moments of all time
what is the movie all of the background
you're seeing is not real
oh hi mark
hey what's up welcome back to another
episode of visual effects artist react
we got sam on the couch today instead of
clint rip clint but you know i got the
funnies and uh i got those natty
reactions i have no idea what we're
gonna be taking a look at today except
for one thing that i'm super excited
about which is the mandalorian yes more
on that later oh yes
oh we're starting with the good wait
okay this is a this that's fully cg yes
that's totally cg have either of you
seen this movie i don't know what we're
looking for i love this movie what is
this movie it is a feast for the eyes
what is the movie
zero gantz is basically just one long
fight scene with different monsters so
if you're looking for something more
than that you're gonna be disappointed
if you're looking for one long cool
fight scene with monsters it's all an
awesome cg you're gonna have a great
time it's like this movie basically
takes all the coolest guns spartan
lasers akira lasers mostly lasers from
pop culture and combines it into really
cool monster fight scenarios
wait wait wait
dude
he just went to town
wait hold up is this this dude's
multiplying in the air
this guy getting chopped and then
regrowing is such a cool effect and it's
not that easy to do with complicated
models like this a boolean is when you
have one object and you subtract another
object from it so when this guy gets
chopped by swords they're basically
booleaning you know the different parts
of him and then like changing those
booleans to regrow stuff it's like a 3d
printer yeah it actually is like a 3d
printer
[Music]
this scene oh my god this is top three
coolest action moments of all time but
the creativity in the weaponry in this
oh my god it is so insane just wait was
it gonna slice through them like a
lightsaber better than that better
upload what does that mean upload where
to outer space wait what
it's a teleportation gun that teleports
chunks of the monster away from the
monster's body
oh my god he teleported his brain
imagine if in star trek when they
teleported people they're like hey just
teleport his brain that's how we'll kill
him
so cool like i love that they have to
like come with like a texture map that's
basically just like a cat scanned like
brain yeah and that's like just probably
an animated texture map that's playing
on like a plane as they like you you
know one way to do it for sure right so
that's more of like a reverse 3d
printing gun
yeah wow somewhere in space somebody is
eating a very good
sandwich with some very fine deli meats
monster brain deli meat
check out this transition so he's
teleporting right one slice at a time
it's first person view what happens when
your eyes get teleported
oh whoa so cool he's seeing it go and
the moment hits his eyes we actually see
it cut across the frame and that's our
wipe transition is there some sort of
like quantum pairing stuff going on here
how is he able to think when his brain's
in another location oh yeah
is this is this whole movie basically
just one giant like reel for the effects
company that did it yeah okay don't show
me anymore i got to watch this tonight
it's not true it's [__] i did not
hit her i did not
oh hi mark oh wow oh
classic you're probably wondering why
are we reacting to this more than visual
effects well i can't tell where are they
they're on a green screen this entire
rooftop is a green screen here's the
thing for how bad but yet good the room
is this green screen is really well done
i mean you know what i mean the first
time i watched clips of these scenes
like i was like oh something's up with
it but i instantly forgot about it and
stopped it like analyzing it like it was
good enough to where i was just like oh
maybe the lighting's just a little weird
or the camera is weird but i wasn't like
oh green screen even compared to
hollywood movies this is a pretty solid
green screen dude the perfect mirror
symmetry of that building behind them
they kind of like rotated their 360
degree image just a little oh my god
you're right
for me the thing that breaks down the
most on this is just the lighting and
the edge feather on the actual brick
especially that shot where he's coming
out of the doorway there by the way like
yeah where does that door lead
where does that door lead
it's just it's the box what they're
doing is it looks like a giant panorama
that's just at a very far away distance
so there's no parallax from like that
house just behind the building and like
the building's off in the distance it's
just an image but it is tracked in 3d
space just all at the same distance
behind the wall it's weird but like it's
directed in a way like so it's such a
clear vision it's a good indication like
if you have really clear director vision
you're gonna make something unique
these sets are insane where do you think
they found this uh warehouse room to uh
film in well judging by the previous
star wars movies they probably made a
giant green screen stage and then filmed
everything with the actors having no
idea where they were or what the context
of what they're doing but this is the tv
show they don't have time to do all the
effects for replacing
every single shot we don't have time for
that okay what we're getting at is in
this scene all of the background you're
seeing is not real it is a real-time
rendered image on a led screen it is not
a green screen and it is not a real set
either there's parts of the set that are
real pretty much everything in the
foreground that the actors are
interacting with is real but you know if
you just go 10 feet beyond that suddenly
it becomes a fake set people have done
this in the past before but the thing
that makes this revolutionary is that
they're able to utilize it with a moving
camera
the camera they are filming with is 3d
tracked and the screen is constantly
adjusting the perspective of the
background to match the camera's
perspective and that's crazy and the
only way you can do that is by using a
real-time game engine this is not done
after the fact this is done frame by
frame so everything the camera is
capturing goes through the lens and
that's why it looks so natural the
greatest thing about this is that it
gives control back to the
cinematographers to actually line up
their shot it's a very seamless very
streamlined process and it allowed this
whole production to get all these crazy
locations on a very small budget yeah
it's crazy how you can do interior and
exterior scenes with it at all times
there's a guy with unreal loaded up on a
workstation and if they are trying to
get a certain shot they literally can
just move all the assets on screen right
there before they shoot it so you can
always get a like flawless composition
so we were actually fortunate enough to
experience this technology in person
unreal invited us out to one of their
demonstrations with one of their light
stages now on this stage they actually
had a scene set up and you can see
really clearly how the ambient light of
this real-time environment is being
rendered in unreal is actually affecting
the lighting on us in the foreground and
the edges look good because there's no
like keying that needs to be pulled like
our hair actually looks correct the
light blooms correctly around us and
most importantly when you're there
acting you can just look around and see
the environment you don't have to
pretend you can just see it what's
really cool about the stage is it also
solves a lot of the common issues you
face when filming on a green screen such
as very reflective and glass transparent
objects that you can still properly see
through trying to pull a key on some of
this stuff is basically impossible and
this fixes all that it's so inspiring
that like literally right now i'm
working on a mini version of this that
we'll be able to have in our own studio
it won't have the led walls but it's
going to have the capability to 3d track
a camera as we're filming in in real
time we are making a video about all of
that and if you want to see it subscribe
this is what was causing all the fuss
i think it's a child
this is a creature and they can't afford
to have you know eight episodes of a cg
creature like this in every scene so
they have an amazing actual physical
puppet but for shots like this where
he's walking down the ramp that's a cg
baby yoda and what's interesting is that
they actually fine-tuned and revised the
animation of the cg baby yoda to be kind
of puppet-like to make it seem like the
real puppet the entire time that's a
really common issue you face with visual
effects is very often reality is not
what we've been trained to see in movies
you know squibs yeah when people get
shot movies that's not what real bullet
hits look like there's reality and then
there's hollywood reality and everyone
thinks that hollywood reality is what
things actually look like so if you make
it look like real they think it looks
fake
at certain points you're like obviously
that's not a living creature even with
the most flawless rendering and movement
and animation are you you're never going
to convince someone that it's real but
if you can convince them it's a puppet
well puppets are real so now it's real
exactly like pretty much any time you
see like baby yoda actually walking it's
a cg baby yeah so they're currently
filming season two of the mandalorian
right now and there's so much that they
learned on making this one that they're
basically designing sets around this
concept and i love that idea so much i
can't wait for season two and how
they're just gonna kill it with their
sets
oh we're gonna watch witcher all right
i like the shows fun one man i haven't
actually seen the witcher on netflix
just yet so i'm getting a little preview
wow wait hold on hold up what a huge
cast wait you got the wrong you got the
wrong show christian
whoa you were saying we should watch the
dragon part wren and
that's not wait this is the witcher oh
yeah it is the casting is on point henry
cavill has made a complete
transformation in this character what is
this nick what is this it's the witcher
but like this is the original witcher
okay so it's a polish
witcher movie that came out in 2001 it's
the original witcher i don't know why
you like the show so much ran it sucks
[Music]
they probably just had no money to throw
out visual effects let alone anything
like should we do the dragon we there's
no way we can do it well and they're
like sure
come on that was actually kind of cool
are they roto there do they actually run
in front of the explosion they came out
of fire i assume it was called
yeah it was comp it was comped what's
the coolest thing you can imagine a
dragon explodes three guys on horses fly
out of the flames and you're like yeah
that makes sense i was tricked anyways
uh if you guys have a tv show movie
scene a good bad vfx doesn't matter
please leave a comment below actually i
have a special request i want to do a
reaction to game cinematics so if you
guys have a game cinematic that shows a
really cool effect dude i've got like 30
video clips stored in my brain ready to
show you but yeah leave comments too
that works
i've heard tales of your kind which
we're very used to seeing dragons and in
shows and movies and so these dragons
specifically the gold dragon suffers a
little bit
this shot stands out to me as being a
little rough and it's a tv show i get
those cg dragon feet are touching that
wall and you can see like between its
toes the wall is still bright and it's a
little strange like look how dark the
dragon's feet are the dragons are dark
because there's no light hitting them
especially since it's like you have this
huge dragon body almost entirely
occluding this hole from all the lights
the whole hole should be pretty dark in
general underneath him the lights coming
from that one hole in the cave that's
basically acting as a giant soft box yet
the dragon's shadows here are crisp on
the wall it's a little strange having
crisp shadows from a giant soft box of a
hole well i think the root cause of the
shot here and what makes it seem weird
is the fact that they're blending a a
live action plate that's in a
challenging lighting scenario with the
cg dragon whereas i feel like if you
were to reapproach this shot it would
probably be better to make the entire
environment 100
cg when you have a 3d model of a dragon
and you're trying to have them go
through a live plate what you're doing
is you're guessing the three-dimensional
geometry of that space if you don't get
it like spot on it can start looking a
little bit weird where the scene feels
flat or flatter than it should be and
that i think we see that with the feet
here i feel like they blew their entire
vfx budget on the opening scene of the
first episode yeah 100
boom nice slice it's like chopping a
crab leg man it's great this was a great
scene like opening the show when i saw
this i was like oh man this is gonna be
great
cool see there that's satisfying his
mouth dude and then his face there and
seeing how like his whole body just kind
of like limps out see that's great
though that's some good v effects yeah
that's like in the moment in gaunt's
when his brain teleports away he's like
man you freaking pulled that that hum
dinger on me by throwing the original
witcher
so i'll never forgive you for that hey
guys we have a special message for you
yeah that's right leap year is today
when this video comes out and we wanted
to do something super special so we went
back in time and we grabbed one of the
most demanded one of the coolest items
ever the anime self-driving car long
sleeve that's right and it's also gonna
be paired up with a one time only retro
dashboard magnet so if you guys are on
the store this weekend and this weekend
only the anime self-driving car long
sleeve and the dashboard magnet is going
to be available only then there's a
bunch of other stuff on the store we got
backpacks we got hats joggers celery
we're selling celery celery
seven inch carriage bolts that's it we
hope you guys head on over to corridor
digital dot store we've got the anime
self driving car long sleeve back from
the vault as well as a bunch of other
really cool stuff
you know there's been a lot of guests on
this show lately but i gotta say it's
pretty uh pretty comfy here i could get
used to this every saturday 9 a.m
pacific we got a new video coming out
thanks for watching everybody
clap your hands
[Applause]